docs: new models.md page (#789)
firebase/genkit: docs/models.md

  garden
- Gemma 2, Llama 3, and many more open models, through the [Ollama
  plugin](plugins/ollama.md) (you must host the Ollama server yourself)

In addition, there are also several community-supported plugins that provide
interfaces to these models:

- Claude 3 family of LLMs, through the [Anthropic plugin](https://thefireco.github.io/genkit-plugins/docs/plugins/genkitx-anthropic){:.external}
- GPT family of LLMs through the [OpenAI plugin](https://thefireco.github.io/genkit-plugins/docs/plugins/genkitx-openai){:.external}
- GPT family of LLMs through the [Azure OpenAI plugin](https://thefireco.github.io/genkit-plugins/docs/plugins/genkitx-azure-openai){:.external}
- Command R family of LLMs through the [Cohere plugin](https://thefireco.github.io/genkit-plugins/docs/plugins/genkitx-cohere){:.external}
- Mistral family of LLMs through the [Mistral plugin](https://thefireco.github.io/genkit-plugins/docs/plugins/genkitx-mistral){:.external}
- Gemma 2, Llama 3, and many more open models hosted on Groq, through the
  [Groq plugin](https://thefireco.github.io/genkit-plugins/docs/plugins/genkitx-groq){:.external}

> You can discover more by searching for packages starting with [`genkitx-` on
> npmjs.org](https://www.npmjs.com/search?q=genkitx){:.external}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can discover more by searching for packages with the [`genkit-model` keyword](https://www.npmjs.com/search?q=keywords%3Agenkit-model){:.external} on NPM.
```

APIs impose a maximum temperature, often 2.0.

**topP**

_Top-p_ is a value between 0.0 and 1.0 that controls the number of possible
tokens you want the model to consider, by specifying the cumulative probability
of the tokens. For example, a value of 1.0 means to consider every possible
token (but still take into account the probability of each token). A value of
0.4 means to only consider the most likely tokens, whose probabilities add up to
0.4, and to exclude the remaining tokens from consideration.

**topK**

_Top-k_ is an integer value that also controls the number of possible tokens you
want the model to consider, but this time by explicitly specifying the maximum
number of tokens. Specifying a value of 1 means that the model should behave
deterministically.

Note: The astute reader might notice that the fact that these parameters are
specific to individual models undermines the promise of being able to swap out
models simply by passing a different value to generate. You're correct! If you
make use of these advanced parameters, you will want to also take a look at the
documentation on dotprompt, which provides a way to specify a model, a prompt,

> and a model configuration together as one unit.

Reviewer 2: From the text - it's not clear what problem dotprompt is solving here.

You can experiment with the effect of these parameters on the output generated
by different model and prompt combinations by using the Developer UI. Start the
developer UI with the genkit start command and it will automatically load all of
the models defined by the plugins configured in your project. You can quickly
try different prompts and configuration values without having to repeatedly make

> these changes in code.

Reviewer 2: This is a nice blurb about the Dev UI, but it's somewhat buried/hidden under the model parameter definitions. Consider bumping this out into a section that briefly describes using the Dev UI for interacting and experimenting with models.

  Claude, are versatile enough to do this; however, smaller models, such as some
  of the local models you would use with Ollama, might not be able to generate
  structured output reliably unless they have been specifically trained to do
  so.

- **Make use of Zod's coercion abilities**: You can specify in your schemas that
  Zod should try to coerce non-conforming types into the type specified by the
  schema. If your schema includes primitive types other than strings, using Zod
  coercion can reduce the number of `generate()` failures you experience. The
  following version of MenuItemSchema uses type conversion to automatically
  correct situations where the model generates calorie information as a string
  instead of a number:

  ```ts
  const MenuItemSchema = z.object({
    name: z.string(),
    description: z.string(),
    calories: z.coerce.number(),
    allergens: z.array(z.string()),
  });
  ```

- **Retry the generate() call**. If the model you've chosen only rarely fails to
  generate conformant output, you can treat the error as you would treat a
  network error, and simply retry the request using some kind of incremental
  back-off strategy.

> - **Generate more candidates**. Another strategy for dealing with intermittent

Reviewer 3: We're going to get rid of `candidates` in the 0.6 release in favor of calling `generate()` multiple times in parallel as the end result is the same and not all models support `candidates`.
